[FLINK-32881][checkpoint] Support triggering savepoint in detach mode for CLI and dumping all pending savepoint ids by rest api (#23253)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/deployment/cli.md

The path to the savepoint can be used later on to [restart the Flink job](#starting-a-job-from-a-savepoint).

> If the state of the job is quite big, the client will get a timeout exception since it should wait for the savepoint finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the state size of the job is quite big, the client will get a timeout exception since it has to wait for the savepoint finished.
```

        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.triggerSavepoint(CliFrontend. java:828)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.lambda$savepopint$8(CliFrontend.java:794)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.runClusterAction(CliFrontend.java:1078)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.savepoint(CliFrontend.java:779)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.parseAndRun(CliFrontend.java:1150)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.lambda$mainInternal$9(CliFrontend.java:1226)
        at org.apache.flink.runtime.security.contexts.NoOpSecurityContext.runSecured(NoOpSecurityContext.java:28)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.mainInternal(CliFrontend.java:1226)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.main(CliFronhtend.java:1194)
Caused by: java.util.concurrent.TimeoutException
        at java.util.concurrent.CompletableFuture.timedGet(CompletableFuture.java:1784)
        at java.util.concurrent.CompletableFuture.get(CompletableFuture.java:1928)
        at org.apache.flink.client.cli.CliFrontend.triggerSavepoint(CliFrontend.java:822)
        ... 8 more
```

> In this case, we could use "-dsp" option to trigger a detached savepoint, the client will return immediately as soon as the trigger id returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, we could use "-dsp" option to trigger a detached savepoint, the client will return the trigger id immediately.
```

```bash
$ ./bin/flink savepoint \
      $JOB_ID \ 
      /tmp/flink-savepoints
      -dsp
```
```
Triggering savepoint in detached mode for job bec5244e09634ad71a80785937a9732d.
Successfully trigger manual savepoint, triggerId: 2505bbd12c5b58fd997d0f193db44b97
```

> We can get the status of the detached savepoint by rest api "/jobs/:jobid/savepoints/:triggerid".

Reviewer: Could we just add a link of REST API here ?

Author: done~
